ques 1.
a.the quality of being firm and determined ,
b.the speech act of refuting by offering a contrary contention or argrument,
c.a collection of photographs,drwaing,document,etc,
d.to think carefully about something, 
e. to imagine or expect that something will happen,
f. huge or relating to galaxy or the other galaxies  

  ques 2
1.Introduction. Express your message and why it's important to your audience, as well as yourself.
2.Statement of fact. Break down the general thesis of your argument into smaller parts. ...
3.Confirmation, or proof. ...
4.Refutation. ...
5.Conclusion.

ques 3.
1.Always wear formal clothes.
2.Try to reach the venue ten minutes before the actual time.
3.Confirm your location before the debate starts.
4.Cross check all your details with the official score sheet.
5.Stand in front of timekeeper and chairman
6.Applaud each participant.
7.Before leaving the stage, give “Thank You” to all the people present in the ceremony.

ques4
 1.Do not address the adjudicator Never carry the piece of paper or any other form of notes 
 2.Do not forget about mannerism on the stage. 
 3.Do not interrupt other speakers while they are speaking. 
 4.Do not shout or talk loudly.
 5.Do not use ‘um’ or ‘em; within the speech.
 6.Do not use false facts within your speech.

 ques 5.
  the Dogs are better than cats
 1) Training Dogs Is Easier.
 2) Dogs Offer Protection.
 3) Loyalty.
 4) Your Dog Keeps You Fit.
 5) Dogs Get You Laughing.
 6) Dogs Are Tech-Savvy!
 7) Dogs Come In All Sizes.
 8) Dogs Might Prevent Asthma And Allergies.
 9)Dogs Don’t Use Litter Boxes.
 ___________________one crime history_____________________________________

PAGE 2
1. What does the title suggest?
 
1 .The title 'Crime History' according to me suggests that there's always a back story i.e a history of crime , the reason why that particular crime took place.
2. What comes to your mind when the incident of killing the woman takes place?
When the incident of killing a woman took place i thought that the person who killed the lady was a criminal who sneaked in the house and planned to kill the lady

3. ‘Criminal’ ‘investigation’, ‘arrest’ etc are some of the words that can be associated to crime. In the similar way, based on your imagination, write at least five words related to crime that can be used for the video.
1.criminal
2. suspect
3.weapon
4.crime scene
5.victim

4. Without any conversation in the video how could you understand the story?
Its not important that a video should have an audio , if the video is perfectly picturized then it self explanatory  . 
This video was understandable even without an audio .
5. After watching the video, whom do you find responsible for crime and why?
After watching the video I found that the situation was responsible for the crime because we  
can also not blame the other people for the crime because they were not intentionally disturbing him , 
but because of the noises he wasn't able to sleep and became irritated and killed the lady



PAGE3
1.	How did the 1st Telephone cemented Sundar Pichai’s fascination with Technology?
The 1st telephone that Sundar Pichai got was a rotatory phone , although it was not great in taking selfies but he used to call his friends talk and used to play with and sometimes took it away .
2.	”Keep your hopes and dreams and try to follow them”. Why did Sunder Pichai say so?
Sundar Pichai said to keep our hopes high and try to follow them because when he was younger he used to listen that if a person doesn't get to into this college , that's the end pf the world and his future but he says that most of how life plays is up to us and not to what happens outside so if we have a dream we should follow it.

3.	“Getting into an elite Institution doesn’t guarantee success.” Elucidate.

"Getting into an elite institution doesn't guarantee success" Sundar Pichai said that we should keep this in mind , we can be successful from any institute if we work hard and life is a long road and we have to take it to  right place and enjoy what we do .

4.	Why is it not important from where you come and what your background is?

Its not at all important from where a person person came or what 's his background if we are determined and hardworking we can achieve any thing in life and people from every place and background have a dream so its not at all important , what's matters is the out determination and hard work, and for how far we can chase our dreams and the idea we have .

5.	What can unleash other entrepreneurs to revolutionize industries and ways one could never predict?

One brilliant idea , one brilliant invention can unleash other entrepreneurs to revolutionize industries and ways one could never predict

PAGE 4

1-	What are the five tips for impressive public speaking?
      ANS 
1. It's all about how you say it : everything depends on the speaker's body language that how he's addressing the audience ,
 the way he is delivering the speech etc. we should more on how to say rather than what to say 
2. Connect better with a positive impression: Speakers should in a way that its leaves 
an impression on the audience but should be a positive one
3.The first 90 seconds :The start of the speech is very important , if you walk in the room with confidence , 
this will make the audience comfortable and will listen to you more attentively
4.Dont't stand like you sit: While delivering the speech in public its important how we stand .
 We shouldn't be all over the place and swinging and shoulders down rather our back  should be straight and standing properly
5. Make a proper and meaningful eye contact with the audience and no look at a blank place where there is no one

2-	How should a public speaker handle himself in the first 90 seconds?
ANS 
The start of the speech is very important , if you walk in the room with confidence , you walk straight to the podium , 
your chin up, and you place your notes properly and address the audience with a warm smile. 
the speaker should make them believe that he knows what he is doing,
 it will comfort the audience and will listen to the speech very attentively

3-	What do you understand by ‘don’t stand like you sit’?

Don't stand like you sit means like the way we sit i.e out back bend , shoulders dropped, 
we shouldn't be standing like this rather we should have our back straight , chin up and stand properly.

4-	Why it is important to connect with positive impression?

It is important to have a positive impression because this will ensure that what you say will be glued in the minds of the audience 
i.e the point of your speech will properly be conveyed to the audience and they will never forget it

5-	What are some of the do’s and don’ts of Public Speaking?

1. Maintain a good eye contact
2.dont begin speaking as soon h entering the room
3 dont play with you hair 
4. we should maintain a proper posture
5. dont point a finger to the audience
6.never turn your back at the audience

PAGE 5:

1.	What are the good communication skills in group discussion?

1. should have good knowledge and relevancy
2.Good communication skills
3.Alertness and presence of mind
4. Stay goal oriented 
5. Stay organized and confident

2.	What are the responsibilities of an initiator?
The responsibilities of the initiator is to introduce the topic properly to the audience and give it the right start

3.	How can you keep the group discussion goal-oriented?

It's difficult in a group discussion to be goal oriented and if the discussion is going in the wrong direction
 , one should ask the speaker politely to get back to the point and remind him the point of discussion .

4.	Reflect on “one must communicate with knowledge”.

One must communicate with knowledge because if the person talks without having any
 knowledge of the topic then there is no point of having a discussion as the person wont talk 
 relevant to the topic and might loose the interest of the listeners.
5.	What mistakes should you avoid while communicating in group discussion?

1. Don't initiate just for the sake of doing it 
2. Speak irrelevant to the topic
3. Don't speak too much 
4.Don't speak loudly as it is aggressive and intimidating
5.Use simple language and correct grammar
6. Don't stuff speech with too many facts and figures

PAGE 6 

1.	What are the suggestions given by Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam to handle failure?

He said that the problem shouldn't become the captain of the individual but the individual 
should become the captain of the problem and overcome and defeat he problem

2.	What type of characteristics you must have to become an innovator?

To become an innovator one should imagine the outcome .With imagination and constant effort , all the
 forces of the universe work for the inspired mind , thereby to the discoveries and inventions

3.	How will you break through limitations?

By breaking the limits of imagination and hard work and perseverance one can break through the limitations  

4.	What is learning according to Dr.APJ Abdul Kalam
 Learning is something that we should never stop. In every phase of a person's life he should be a constant
  learner and grab knowledge from anyone , anything . This is the key to success
5.	When will there be peace in the world according to him?

According to APJ Abdul Kalam , if a human being makes some other person's life happy , then there will be a 
conflict free world. ABJ Abdul Kalam used to say that when there is righteousness in the heart , there's beauty 
in the character , when there is beauty in character , there is harmony in the home, when there is harmony in the home 
,there is order in the nation, when there is order in the nation then there is peace in the world


PAGE 7


import math
AB=int(input())
BC=int(input())
print(round(math.degrees(math.atan(AB/BC))),chr(176),sep="")



n = int(input())
dic  = {}

for _ in range(n):
  w = input()
  if w in dic.keys():
    dic[w]+=1
  else:
    dic.update({w:1})

print(len(dic.keys()))
print(*dic.values())


G1, S1, B1, and G2, S2,  B2
3
10 20 30 0 29 30
0 0 0 0 0 1
1 1 1 0 0 0